= DESCRIPTION:

Installs the Drush CLI tool for Drupal, either via PEAR package or directly from source via Git.
Also included is a recipe that can be used to install drush_make via the `drush pm-download` command.

= REQUIREMENTS:

* Opscode's php cookbook - http://community.opscode.com/cookbooks/php/

= PLATFORMS:

The following platforms are supported by this cookbook, meaning that the 
recipes run on these platforms without error.

* Debian
* Ubuntu
* CentOS

= RECIPES:

== default:

Installs drush using the desired `install_method` recipe, and
also includes minor recipes to meet dependencies.

== pear:

Installs drush via PEAR package manager.

== git:

Install drush via Git from source repository.

== upgrade_pear:

Upgrades PEAR to v1.9.1, which meets minimum required by drush via PEAR.

== install_console_table:

Installs PEAR Console_Table extension dependency.

== make:

Executes a drush command to install drush_make.  If the `drush make` command
is already available, this command will not be run.

= ATTRIBUTES:

== default:

* `node['drush']['install_method']` - Indicates the desired install method, currently either `git` or `pear`.
* `node['drush']['version']` - Drush preferred state (stable, beta, devel) or version of format x.y.z when install_method is pear (eg. 5.0.0).
When install_method is git, the format is a git reference commit/tag/branch (eg. 31d768a / 7.x-4.x / 7.x-5.0 )
* `node['drush']['allreleases']` - URL of allreleases.xml for pear to install from preferred states.
* `node['drush']['make']['version']` - Drush Make version of format x.y
* `node['drush']['install_dir']` - Where to install Drush via Git. Used to install Drush Make as well.

= USAGE:

Simply include the `drush` or `drush::make` recipe wherever you would
like drush installed. You may alter the `install_method` and `version`
attributes appropriately.
